(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
Careful, Bunga...
It's a very
delicate situation!
(GRUNTING)
(MUFFLED SHOUTING)
Sorry, Zazu.
Can't understand ya
with your beak
in that beehive.
(CONTINUES SHOUTING)
(GASPS)
Thank you, Bunga!
That's much... (SCREAMS)
(BEES BUZZING)
Gotcha covered, Zazu!
(CHOMPING)
Gracious!
Maybe next time try
flying under the beehive,
not through it!
Yes. Thank you, Bunga.
So why were you
in such a hurry?
I was looking
for you.
All of you!
What's the kerbubble, Zazu?
I've just received word.
The pangolins are
spraying everywhere!
It's quite
a stinky situation.
Odd. Pangolins only spray
when they're threatened.
Then we better
check it out.
My thoughts precisely!
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
PANGOLINS:
(YELPING) Help! Help!
Sounds like
we're close.
Ugh.
Smells like
we're close.
(GASPS)
ALL: Huh?
I'm sorry.
Can anyone tell me
what I'm looking at?
No idea.
(PANGOLINS WARBLING)
Drop it, Majinuni!
You drop it, Hafifu!
This one's a real stinker!
I know you are,
but what is it?
(FARTING)
(HAFIFU LAUGHS)
(SQUEAKS)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Those're
the biggest baboons
I've ever seen!
I don't think
they're baboons.
Ugh. They sure
act like baboons.
I've never seen
anyone like them.
And I know every animal
in the Pride Lands.
Well, whatever they are,
they need to leave
those pangolins alone!
KION: Hey! You two!
Put down
the pangolins!
Put them down?
But they're
so much fun
to squeeze!
They are! (IN SING-SONG)
Squeezy! Squeezy! Squeezy!
KION: No!
Oh, hello!
Have we met?
Would you mind
not standing on us?
Sure.
If you promise
to stop messing
with the pangolins.
Deal!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Oh look!
You've brought
some friends!
What fun!
So, who are you?
And what are you doing
in the Pride Lands?
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Ah, well, that's easy.
I'm Majinuni, and this
is my brother Hafifu.
We're looking for someone
called King Zimba.
He's a "lion"?
I think
they mean Simba.
Yes! That's right!
Do you know him?
Yeah, you could
say that.
Kion here just happens
to be his son.
You're a lion?
You're a prince?
So are we!
(LAUGHING)
Wait. You guys
are lions?
No, they're princes!
Seriously?
No wonder we've got
so much in common!
We do?
Our poppa sent us
here with a message
for your poppa!
A really important
message!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Kion, there is no way
anyone sent these two
with a message for the king.
Look at 'em!
(VOCALIZING)
(GASPS)
Majinuni, look!
A stick!
Excuse me?
A what?
Bet you can't hit
that baobab fruit.
Bet you I can!
No, wait!
Stop. Stop!
I am not a stick!
I am a snake!
(GASPS)
(GROANS)
Every time I get near
the Lion Guard...
Hafifu!
Why'd you do that?
Uh, 'cause I wanted
to throw the stick.
Ushari's not a stick!
You just heard him say so!
Uh, he's got a point.
As a rule,
sticks don't talk.
Ah. Oh, well.
Kuishi ni kucheka!
What does that mean?
It's our motto!
It means, "To live
is to laugh!"
You know...
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Live with a laugh
and a smile!
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Stays with you
all the while ♪
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Right?
Uh, nope.
Don't know that one.
They've never
heard of it.
How could they never
have heard of it?
Maybe we should sing it
in a different key...
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka... ♪
That won't be necessary.
Look. I'll take you
to my dad
so you can give him
your message.
Now come on.
Walk this way.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(LAUGHS)
(FARTS)
(ALL LAUGHING)
These gorilla-dillas
are my kinda guys!
(SIGHS)
KION: Uh, Dad...
This is probably going
to sound weird...
What is it, son?
Well, we've found
these gorilla brothers
who say they...
Have a message
for me?
Yes. You know them?
Their father is King Sokwe
of the Mountain Gorillas.
A long time ago,
he and I made
a peace treaty.
Now, every wet season,
he sends a message
to let me know
if he still agrees
to the peace.
Or not.
So...
Majinuni and Hafifu really
do have an important message
for you?
Very important.
Where are they?
(SIGHS) They're coming.
Ooh! Yeah! (LAUGHS)
Kuishi!
ALL: Ni kucheka!
(SIMBA CLEARS THROAT)
Aw, hey, Your Highness!
Lemme introduce
these guys...
Majinuni. Hafifu.
You have a message
for me?
Yes, um,
about that...
We do have
a message...
Er, we did, but...
Boys?
He forgot it!
Why am I not
surprised?
I see.
This is not good.
I need you and
the Lion Guard to take
the boys back home
and find out what
King Sokwe's message is.
Can't you just send
them back and get
the message again?
And let peace with
the gorillas
depend on them?
I bet I can stand on
one foot longer than you.
So? Bet you can't
hop on one foot
while patting your nose
and rubbing your belly.
(BOTH VOCALIZING)
Got it.
Where's their home?
SIMBA: The Theluji Mountains.
Wow!
That's a long way off.
Yes, but King Sokwe's sons
should know the way.
Okay, now let's see
who can balance longer
on no legs!
(BOTH GRUNT)
(BOTH LAUGH)
I hope.
FULI: Please tell me
we're almost there.
We are!
We just have to go
up the mountain and
find King Sokwe.
Majinuni, Hafifu.
Can you tell us
where your dad is?
Oh, you know...
Up there somewhere.
You guys really don't know
how to get home from here?
Sorry. We've never gone
up the mountain before.
To tell the truth,
we've only gone down
the mountain once.
Yeah, and we rolled
most of the way at that!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Ono? Where to next?
I see a path
through the trees!
Great. Then
we'll go that way.
Thanks for the help.
(CHUCKLES) Well,
she certainly is polite.
I know, right?
I didn't think we
were helpful at all.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Guys?
Any of this
look familiar?
Not to me.
I think he was talking
to the gorillas.
Did you say gorillas?
Are there gorillas
here somewhere?
Is Poppa here?
(GULPS) Uh, Poppa?
(SIGHS EXASPERATEDLY)
I was talking to you!
You're the gorillas!
Oh!
Pfft!
We are the gorillas.
We're the gorillas!
(BOTH EXCLAIM)
(LAUGHING)
And until
we get them home,
they're our gorillas.
(SIGHS) Yeah...
So which way do
we go from here?
That way!
No, no! That way!
Maybe we can ask
this little green guy.
What little green guy?
Poa!
He was green
a second ago!
He must be
a chameleon!
A ka-what-eon?
A chameleon!
A lizard that can
change his colors!
Did you hear
that, brother?
I heard that,
brother!
BOTH: Chameleon
hide and seek!
(BOTH EXCLAIMING)
No, wait!
Come back!
MAJINUNI: (SING-SONG)
I'm gonna find it.
HAFIFU: (LAUGHS)
No, I'm gonna find it!
Ono? Please follow them.
On it!
Hafifu!
Majinuni!
HAFIFU: Hello!
Where are you?
HAFIFU: Excellent question!
Wish we could say!
MAJINUNI: It is
a bit of a puzzler!
We can hear you,
but we can't see you!
Ono?
Sorry, Kion...
The plants are
too thick.
I can't even see
the ground!
You smell 'em?
(SNIFFING)
Too many weird
plants in bloom.
I don't think
I could even track
Bunga's scent here.
(SNIFFS)
Yeah, me neither.
Hmm...
Hafifu!
Majinuni!
Stay still!
When I call your names,
shout back.
We'll follow your voices
and find you!
HAFIFU: Ooh, yes!
But let's make it
a game!
You shout kuishi,
then we shout
ni kucheka!
Fine.
Kuishi!
MAJINUNI:
Oh, it's our turn.
Ni kucheka!
Sounds like
they're this way.
Right. Let's go!
KION: Kuishi!
Ni kucheka!
Kuishi?
MAJINUNI: Ni kucheka!
Now it sounds like
they're back there.
(SIGHS) Hafifu!
Majinuni!
This game isn't working!
Then let's change
the game!
BOTH: Forest hog chase!
Brilliant!
Lion Guard!
We shall now snort
like forest hogs
while you chase us!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Chase them?
Seriously?
I don't even know what
forest hogs sound like.
(HAFIFU AND MAJINUNI SNORTING)
Now you do!
I see trees moving!
I think
they're heading uphill...
Right into the fog!
Okay. Thanks, Ono!
KION: Let's go!
Majinuni! Hafifu!
(LOUD SNORTING)
That snort came
from behind us.
You think the gorillas
split up?
ONO: Or it might
possibly be a...
(SNORTING)
...real forest hog!
Hapana!
Hey, listen!
They're doing
hog snorts, too!
I'm glad they're getting
into the spirit of the...
(SNORTING)
...forest hog!
Did you say the spirit
of the forest hog?
Ah! Forest hog!
(FOREST HOG SNORTING)
The forest hog!
It's after them!
FULI: Wait for us!
Why's the hog
acting so mad?
He must think the gorillas
are other forest hogs!
Hogging in on
his territory!
(LAUGHS) Get it?
Forest hog...
Hogging? Ah?
Bunga!
(SNORTS)
(BOTH EXCLAIMING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(SNORTS)
(BOTH EXCLAIMING)
(KION GRUNTS)
(SNORTS)
(GROWLS) Back off
of the gorillas!
(SNORTS)
(HUFFS)
(GRUNTS)
(SQUEALS)
You can't get to them
without going through me.
And you're not
getting through me.
FULI: Or us!
(SNORTS)
Okay, then.
(SQUEALING)
Hafifu? Majinuni?
You okay?
Uh, surprisingly
enough, we are.
Totally unpoked by
sharp hoggy tusks!
You saved us!
Well, sure.
That's what we do.
Now let's get you home.
I've got
a better idea.
Let's get chased by
the forest hog again!
What? Seriously?
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Guys? Is something
else going on?
Well, we haven't been
very helpful getting
you to our poppa...
Because we don't really
want to see him.
I knew something
was going on!
You couldn't be
that silly.
Oh, no. We are.
Totally silly! Dozy!
Dopey! Wacky!
Immature and frivolous.
That's a lot of
words for silly.
Okay. So tell me.
Why don't you want
to see your dad?
For some reason
he's never thought
we're prince material.
So we decided to
show him he's wrong.
We volunteered
to deliver his really
important message.
And then
we failed miserably.
Now we have to go
home and tell him.
He's going to
put on his...
BOTH: Disappointed face.
I get it.
BOTH: You do?
I never want to let
down my dad either.
It's the whole reason
I'm here.
I'm really sorry.
I wish I could
do something to
make it easier.
Well, you did face down
a ferocious forest hog.
That's almost as hard
as facing our dad.
And it seemed like
the sort of thing
a prince would do.
We don't exactly
feel like princes yet...
Trust me. If you act
like a prince,
sooner or later,
you'll start to
feel like a prince.
(SIGHS) Okay, then.
We'll take you
to our home.
Great!
Possibly one
last little game?
LION GUARD: No!
(SIGHS) All right.
This way.
Not much farther...
BOTH: Whee!
Heyvi kabisa.
FULI: What is this?
ONO: I...
I don't know.
Me neither.
(LAUGHS) But I like it.
Poa.
Betcha never seen
snow before!
Snow? Huh.
What do you do with it?
Do? You have fun!
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Hey!
Whoo!
(LAUGHS)
Come on!
You just going to
stand there, or are
you going to play?
Kion?
Well... I guess
a little fun
couldn't hurt.
All right!
Zuka Zama!
It's cold.
And slippery!
(GRUNTS)
(LAUGHS)
But it's kinda fun!
I want to try.
Twende Kiboko!
(LAUGHING)
It's melting
on my beak!
Kion, you've got
to try this!
It's un-Bunga-lievable!
I don't know, guys.
We should be careful
with this stuff.
We don't know
enough about it.
You know
it can do this!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Oh, it's on.
Kuishi ni kucheka!
(ALL LAUGHING)
Poa!
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Live with a laugh
and a smile
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Stays with you
all the while
(BOTH LAUGHING)
♪ Some may say that
life's a joke
♪ Might be funny
but it's true
♪ Cause if you live life
with a frown
♪ Then the joke's on you
(VOCALIZING)
♪ Happiness is
all around you now
(VOCALIZING)
♪ Just one phrase
to show you how
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Live with a laugh
and a smile
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Stays with you
all the while
♪ Joy and hope
can all be yours
♪ Look closely
and you'll find
♪ Whether you are
glad or sad
♪ It's just
a state of mind
(VOCALIZING)
♪ Happiness is all
around you now
(VOCALIZING)
♪ Just one phrase
to show you how
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Live with a laugh
and a smile
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Stays with you
all the while
♪ Oh! Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Live with a laugh
and a smile
♪ Kuishi ni kucheka!
♪ Stays with you
all the while ♪
(ALL LAUGHING)
♪ Zuka Zama,
fun with snow.
♪ Zuka Zama... ♪
That's not to
throw at me, is it?
Nah! It's a souvenir
for Uncle Timon.
(LAUGHTER)
I could do this all day.
(SIGHS) Us too!
But we promised
we'd get you to our dad.
Yeah.
I just want
to take one more look,
so I'll never forget it.
Whoa! Guys? Guys!
ALL: Kion!
Whoa!
I'm coming, Kion!
Zuka... (GRUNTS)
Sorry for
the quick-stop, Bunga.
But Kion needs someone
who knows the mountain.
Two someones!
BOTH: Kuishi ni kucheka!
Ono! Follow Kion!
On it!
Whoo-hoo!
Whoo!
See you at
the bottom,
brother!
(SCOFFS) You'll see
my bottom, brother!
'Cause I'll get
to Kion first!
Whoa!
(EXCLAIMS)
Argh!
(LAUGHS)
Look at me!
I'm flying!
(VOCALIZING)
Ooh! Chilly!
(EXCLAIMS)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
Kion? Are you okay?
So far!
But I can't
hang on long!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Not helping, Ono!
(GASPS) Sorry!
Whoo-hoo!
Hang on, Kion!
Good advice, brother!
(BOTH GRUNT)
(SCREAMS)
I can't look!
(GRUNTS)
(PANTS)
You saved me.
Thanks.
Pfft! No thanks needed.
It was fun!
Oh no! It was
more than that.
It was brave.
Doing something like that
is what you makes you
prince material.
You really think
we have that in us?
The prince thing?
Totally.
SOKWE: So...
You forgot my message
to King Simba!
BOTH: Yes, Poppa.
And you got lost coming home
from the Pride Lands!
BOTH: Yes, Poppa.
And you needed the Lion Guard
to help you get back home!
BOTH: Yes, Poppa.
You know what this means.
(SOFTLY) What do
you think it means?
Nothing too bad,
I hope.
Kuishi ni kucheka!
(LAUGHING)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
SOKWE: Kion told me
how you saved him.
I'm proud of you both.
You are true gorilla princes.
BOTH: Thank you, Poppa.
Um, speaking of
your message for
my dad?
We do need to
give it to him.
Of course you do.
(LAUGHS)
I see your friend has
a souvenir from our home.
Sure do!
Uh... Your Gorilla-ness!
Is that's a problem?
No, no.
Not at all.
In fact,
it's perfect.
KION: And, so...
Here we are.
And did you bring back
King Sokwe's message?
Uh, yeah...
Well, then?
It's just...
Kion? I need
the message.
Are you sure?
Yes! You have to
give it to me!
Okay...
Kuishi ni kucheka!
(GRUNTS)
Sorry, Your Majesty.
It really wasn't my idea.
(SING-SONG VOICE)
This might have
been a mistake.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh, King Sokwe.
No one delivers
a peace message
like him.
(ALL LAUGHING)
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪